feature(automatic-transactions): Creates a decorator to make transactions easier for the developer (#76)
fastify/fastify-postgres: README.md

`query` commands can then be accessed at `request.pg` or `request.pg[name]` and `transact` can be set for either the root pg client with value `true` or for a pg client at a particular namespace with value `name`. Note that the namespace needs to be set when registering the plugin in order to be available on the request object.

```js
// transact set for the route pg client
fastify.get('/user/:id', { pg: { transact: true } }, (req, reply) => {
  // transaction wrapped queries, NO error handling
  req.pg.query('SELECT username FROM users WHERE id=1')
  req.pg.query('SELECT username FROM users WHERE id=2')
  req.pg.query('SELECT username FROM users WHERE id=3')
})

// transact set for a pg client at name
fastify.get('/user/:id', { pg: { transact: 'foo' } }, (req, reply) => {
  // transaction wrapped queries, NO error handling
  req.pg.foo.query('SELECT username FROM users WHERE id=1')
  req.pg.foo.query('SELECT username FROM users WHERE id=2')
  req.pg.foo.query('SELECT username FROM users WHERE id=3')
})
```

> Important: rolling back a transaction relies on the handler failing and being caught by an `onError` hook. This means that the transaction wrapped route handler mustn't catch any errors internally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Important: rolling back a transaction relies on the handler failing and being caught by an `onError` hook. This means that the transaction wrapped route handler must not catch any errors internally.
```
